RAM (#524)
deepinv/deepinv: docs/source/user_guide/reconstruction/artifact.rst

- Pseudoinverse: :math:`\inversef{y}{A}=\phi(A^{\dagger}y)` with ``mode='pinv'``.
- | Direct: :math:`\inversef{y}{A}=\phi(y)` with ``mode='direct'``.
  | This option serves as a wrapper to obtain a :class:`Reconstructor <deepinv.models.Reconstructor>`, and can be used to adapt a generic denoiser or image-to-image network into one that is specific to an inverse problem.

General reconstruction models
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> We provide the following list of deep artifact removal architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide the following list of multi-task reconstruction models.
```

See :ref:`pretrained-weights` for more information on pretrained denoisers.

> .. list-table:: Deep denoisers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. list-table:: Multiphysics reconstruction models
```

   :widths: 15 25 15 15 10
   :header-rows: 1

>    * - Model

Reviewer: I would also add RAM to the list of denoisers
